Time Fighters:
Vengeance

	Rob was sitting on his couch watching Matlock. The problem with school days off is that there's nothing on TV. He thought about inviting one of his friends over, but what would they do that he hadn't done already. He heard the doorbell ring and went up to answer it.
	"Ramin!" Rob said surprised to see him.
	"Hey, Rob I've got news. I've been studying the ancient scriptures. They tell of an incredible power that rests deep in the Earth. These scriptures have no date on them so it could be in any time, or all times. No doubt if Trent finds out about this power he's going to try to get it. We have to search for it and use it for good, not evil."
	"Oh, that_s original. And why is it every time we meet I want you to go away? No offense, but I mean you walk in, and then blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, then, blah, blah, we need to kill Trent, blah, blah, risk our lives as we do every other week, blah, blah. We should be getting frequent flyer miles here, or something." Rob sighed. "So, how do we know he hasn't already found this power."
	"Well, for one Rob, we'd all be slightly dead right now," Ramin suggested.
	"Perfect. Well, so much for my day off school. Let's go get Sara." Rob said and went into his room to grab his blaster. He kept it on the top shelf of his closet so that nobody might find it. They hopped in the Gemini Cruiser and launched off. 
	Rob hummed some annoying tune. Turning left, turning right, he kept humming.
	"Rob that's getting annoying," Ramin commented.
	"Oh sorry, it's this song I have stuck in my head." Rob said slightly embarrassed. "I brought a CD of it, here." Rob popped a CD into the console.
	"Rob I really don't think tha-" Ramin was interrupted by the music that came blaring from all around. Weird, violently senseless, crud at a 120 decibels came, rendering thought from all listeners. When they got to Big Fork, Montana they landed.
	"So what do you think?" Rob asked Ramin.
	"Thinking requires live brain cells..." Ramin said puzzled. He got out of the Gemini Cruiser slowly. Rob and Ramin identified Sara's house and went there.
	Ramin then shook his head to clear the song from his mind. "Rob, you wait here, I'll get her." Ramin said and shot behind some bushes. Seconds later, Ramin came back grabbing Sara by the arm.
	"Leave it to Super-Stealth Disturber Guy to pull me away from Sega." Sara said annoyed.
	"You're still with Sega?" Rob questioned "Sega sucks, Nintendo rules." Rob said simply
	"You've got to be kidding!" Sara disagreed, "Sega's the best!"
	"Nintendo!"
	"Sega!"
	"Nintendo!"
	"SEGA!"
	"NINTENDO!"
	"SHUT UP!!" Ramin yelled annoyed with both of them. "You're acting like it's some kind of religion!"
	"You just don't get it, do you?" Rob rolled his eyes.
	"So, what's the problem, anyway?" Sara asked impatiently.
	"We think Trent might be trying get his hands on a huge wattage of power and we don't know what time or place it's in." Ramin explained.
	"What else is new. Well, what kind of power are we trying to find exactly?" Sara asked with a slight bit of interest.
	"Let me put it this way: Hey, look I found a broken music box! Now I can absorb it's power and burn a hole in your head without even thinking about it!" Rob exclaimed making arm movements as if he was really frying a hole in somebody's head.
	"Cool," Sara said.	
	"How about we start in Trent's hometime, who knows if it's there, but it'll give us somewhere to explore and we can check out if he knows about this `power'." Ramin suggested. Rob, Sara, and Ramin hopped into the Gemini Cruiser. The Gemini Cruiser exploded with senseless music blaring all over the place.
	"Oops, forgot about that." Rob pushed a button on the console and the CD popped out.
	"Medic..." Sara cried softly.
	"Don't worry, the physical pain goes away with time. The mental scar however..." Ramin explained. Rob set the time gauge for 3:00 PM, November 12, AD 220 and flew into space. He waited until maximum thrust and pressed the warp button. Rob felt a huge, superfast jolt as they blasted into faster-than-light speed.
	When they emerged from time, they landed in a snowy field of AD 223. The three of them got out.
	"Man, I am never going to get used to that," Ramin said, dizzy from time travel.
	"As many times as we've done this I still can't believe that in a couple of seconds we traveled to more than 1,800 years before I was born." Sara said kind of out of it.
	"Let's go talk to people and see if we can find any items of interest." Rob said. He then dematerialized the Gemini Cruiser. They took towards a primitive looking house barely giving shelter against all of the snow. The freezing weather slowed them down considerably. When they reached the small cottage they really didn't know what to do, because just walking into someone's house and asking them if they've seen an unlimited power that could destroy dimensions at a time is a tad on the, "hey Roger 3 more customers to the loony bin," side.
	"Let's just go in and ask them if they've seen anything unusual lately." Sara suggested and knocked on the grass door. It didn't make much noise, but seconds later somebody answered the door.
	"Oh, hello, um, you don't seem to have come from around here, but you with the specs seem familiar." the old lady that answered the door said as she pointed to Rob. She seemed very shy, as if she felt uncomfortable opening the door to anyone.
	"I used to be Prince Rob." Rob replied. The old lady seemed to recognize him and then she screamed. The lady tried to catch her breath.
	"You, Y-y-your Rob Zeal, Aack! Evil! Your King Trent's Brother! AIEE! Evil!"
	"I seem have accumulated a bad name since I left." Rob said to Sara and Ramin.
	"Obviously." Sara replied.
	"Lady, I'm not evil, that would be Trent. Just because we have the same last name doesn't mean we're the same person," The lady seemed to calm down since Rob had said those words. "Now, we need your help to find this power we're looking for. Have you seen anything here out of the usual?" Rob asked impatiently, still wondering how somebody could think that he was bad, considering all the things he had done to prevent Trent's evil from corrupting the universe. He decided to give the elderly woman a break. She didn_t seem like she had much time left.
	"Um... Yeah, I, uh... w-well, there is a lot of, um, stuff happening at T-t-trent's place," she softly murmured. "Monsters r-roaming around,"
	"OK, thank you, goodbye. "Rob said and walked away. Sara and Ramin followed.
	"We should sneak into Trent fortress and see what he's up to."
	"Sounds good, Ramin," Rob agreed. Rob turned around and saw a huge castle that was off in the distance and did not look like belonged in AD 211. 
	"That_s gotta be it." Sara observed in awe. They trudged though the snow. The 3 teens shivered for what seemed like hours.
	"Rob, I'm f-freezing," Sara said quietly.
	"We're almost there," Rob shivered.
	Finally, the door was in sight. Rob slowly pulled open the door. They entered and saw at least 25 monsters all looking directly at them.
	"So far this isn't going as I'd planned," Rob said and blasted a couple of Triclops's with a Gemini Beam. Sara took out one with her Kali. Ramin crushed a snake-like creature with his Darth Tornado then punched him to death. Rob felt a tremendous pain in his back and fell down. He looked up at a Triclops. 
	"I have a not good very feel-ing about battle this here." Rob said pulling himself out of the ground. He then melted the deranged monster. Ramin and Sara teamed up on a Magiclops using various magic attacks. Rob jumped in and zapped it with his G. Blaster. The Magiclops exploded everywhere. A Triclops gnawed on Ramin and ate him. Suddenly, it exploded and Ramin few out.
	"Ugh, that is not a pleasant experience," Ramin said and wiped his goo-covered brow. Sara flooded 7 Ironclopses with a Nova Flood magic attack. They melted into puddles of ooze. 
	"Eww. That's what I don't like about that magic attack." Sara said, disgusted at the slime on the floor she had made.
	"I_m sure it_s not a picnic for them, either," Rob replied, then rapidly shot at 3 various monsters in a group.
	There were 4 monsters left. Ramin tried to tag one with a tornado but missed. Rob blew one up with a shot from his laser. The 3 Triclopses tried to make a break for it, but Ramin fired off another Darth Tornado and vaporized them.
	"Freakish" Rob said, "It's like they were expecting us."
	"Let's hope not, Sara answered softly.
	"OK. We should go up through these air ducts and see if we can sneak in on Trent undetected." Rob said and attempted to pull the vent off. He pulled harder.
	"Always worked in the movies. OK, plan B," Rob said after giving up on the vent.
	"We had a plan A?" Ramin questioned.
	"Let's see, if we were invisible, we could do this pretty easily."
	"But we_re not," Sara reminded.
	"Maybe we could try to put up a magic barrier of some sort to limit our appearance. But we'd still have to sneak around." Ramin told them.
	"Now why didn't I think of that?" Rob asked.
	"Do you really want me to tell you, Rob?" Sara smiled as she said that.
	Rob concentrated on building a magic barrier. After a couple of seconds he looked up. Sara and Ramin were 2 clear, gelatinous masses. He noticed that every couple of seconds they shimmered and he couldn't see them for a little while.
	"Whoa! That worked better than I thought it would." Rob exclaimed. "OK, all we need now is a plan on how to get to Trent from here. I suggest we just follow a couple of important-looking Triclopses and with any luck at all they'll meet up with him."
	"Let's start through that door." Sara said and proceeded through a pair of double doors. Rob and Ramin followed. The 3 found a couple of Darklopses.
	"These 2 are as good as any," Rob whispered.
	They followed the pair of Darklopses. The first Darklops entered a door and the second one waited by the doorway. Rob, Sara, and Ramin entered behind the mutant life form. They saw Trent.
	Instantly, after seeing him, Rob darted into a hole in the wall just big enough for the 3 of them. Sara and Ramin followed. 
	The Darklops growled for a couple of seconds then waited for his master_s reply.
	"No, no! NO! You fool! You just can't get it through that deranged looking skulls of yours! I'm looking a super natural power, not some cloud elemental fuzzy power!" Trent shouted and blasted him into dust.
	"Well, he's looking for it, but he doesn't know what it is," Rob whispered to his friends.
	"We should get out of here before we're detected. Your barrier is fading and I think mine is too." Sara observed and attempted to leave through the other side of the hole.
	"Too late!" Ramin yelled. A bunch of assorted monsters had discovered their hiding spot. Trent had left the room just seconds earlier. Triclopses shot beams at the Time Fighters and in seconds the entire wall came crashing down. The monsters grew bigger and merged together to form something only known as the Mage Master
	"Well, if it isn't the Time Fighters!" said the Mage Master. "I've been hearing that you are a lot of trouble! Get ready for your premature demise!" Rob and Ramin got up. 
	"There_s nothing premature about any demise," Rob said not want to fight another battle. They saw that Sara had been knocked unconscious in the crash. Mage Master levitated Rob then smashed against the ground. Ramin counterattacked with a blast of Darth Wind. It didn't seem to phase him. Rob tried to get up, but fell back down. Ramin swung on a low pipe and kicked Mage Guard in the head. He fell back and seemed heavily wounded. Mage Guard got up and fired off an array of Black Magic. Ramin blasted into the wall and slid down, not getting up.
	"Time Fighters, heh! Master will be very pleased that I destroyed the emenies, I mean nemiknees, I neam, centipedes, kryfreen, ova ltine, Insekjkbg!" Mage Guard said frustrated with the English language. He then turned around to leave the room. "What the-?" Sara had gotten up and kicked the gigantic creature. She then followed up with a Nova Wave. Rob pulled himself to his feet and went to Ramin. In the meantime, Sara was jumping, ducking, and sprinting, trying to avoid Mage Guard's beams. 
	"Some help here, Rob!" Sara said, barely holding up. Rob left Ramin and converted to Hallesia. He took his sword and thrust it into the back of Mage Guard. Mage Guard stopped firing.
	"Human, you are confident, but your race will die and Trent will rule." Mage Guard said, collapsed, and oozed a sort of blood.
	"That_s a mighty big assumption you got there," Rob smiled with his eyes.
	"We did it! How's Ramin?" Sara asked Rob.
	"Not too good," Rob said.
	"Boohoo,"
	"Eh?" 
	"It's me, Fighter Guard, you think you can get away with destroying one of my friends?" said a huge, mean looking monster.
	"We were counting on it, yes." Sara jumped back and reverted into Dezamber. Fighter Guard took Rob out with his claw. Sara hit the demon with her Kali. It had no effect on him. Rob used a Gemini Burst. Fighter Guard burst into flames. Fighter Guard threw back the fire at Sara. Sara decided she'd had about enough of that and scorched him with a surge of Ultra-Nova.
	"Gargh!" Fighter groaned. "You're too much for me at this point. Goodbye." Then there was blue, intense blue.
	"Rob, can you hear me?" a familiar voice called. "Rob, wake up!" 
	"Is he going to be all right?"
	"I'm not sure. C'mon Rob, get up!" Rob gradually opened his eyes.
	"Huh... wha-"
Sara and Kiren were standing over him. Rob looked around. He recognized Kiren's house.
	"You OK, Rob?" Sara asked worried. Rob pulled himself to his feet.
	"I guess so, how'd we get here?" Rob asked Sara.
	"I don_t know. It was probably that freak, Fighter Guard. Kiren says all she saw was a hole in the roof and the three of us when she came back. We were still unconscious."
	"Where's Ramin?"
	"He took it pretty hard with Fighter, he doesn't look good." They walked over to where Ramin was. He was lying on a bed, unconscious.
	"HEY, RAMIN GET UP! IT'S MORNING!!" Rob shouted at the top of his lungs. Ramin opened his eyes and gave Rob a look that could kill.
	"Ung," Ramin muttered "remind me never to sleep over at your house." Sara tried to hold in her giggle, but burst out laughing.
	"OK Sara, next time you fall into unconsciousness, I'll throw my pet leopard at you!" Ramin said, straining himself to make a joke. Sara hoped he was joking, really, really hoped he was joking.
	"OK, While you two were asleep Sara told me what you guys are doing." Kiren told them. "I know of a cave northeast of here, maybe it contains the power your looking for. Anyway, after you guys find the power, I'm hoping you can help me rescue my friend Krystal. She was lost in the woods some time ago. There are too many creatures for me to go in alone." Kiren paused. "The only thing that's left to solve is, who_s going. There are only 3 seats in the Gemini Cruiser. Sara and I feel great, so we're going, but we wanted you up so we could ask you."
	"Well, I'm not badly hurt." Rob replied. "I guess I'll go."
	"I think I'll sit this one out guys," Ramin said "I don't feel too cold."
	"Hot Ramin, hot." Sara corrected.
	"Well now that you mention it, I do feel kind of hot."
	"So that settles it. Ramin, there's some juice I made in that pot over there," she pointed to an oozing container made of grass and wood "you_re lying in the bed, and the chimney is over in Krystal's room, OK?" Kiren explained. Ramin got up from the bed and walked to a part of the main room that looked like the kitchen.
	"About the stove, do you turn it on like this?" He cranked a switch by the stove and it burst into flames. Ramin's arm caught on fire and he let go of the knob. Then, he barreled around the room screaming something about burning things that were hot. He finally fell to the ground. Kiren chuckled and used her light magic to put out the fire and heal his arm.
	"You never cease to amaze me." Rob nodded his head.
	"Um, Kiren?" Ramin mumbled absentmindedly. "I don't think I'm going to be using your stove."
	"Good Idea, Ramin." Kiren stared at him on the floor. Rob and Sara were still staring blankly at Ramin twitching on the ground.
	" And off we go," They walked outside of the house and Rob materialized the Gemini Cruiser. Rob, Sara, and Kiren hopped in. Rob piloted northeast until Kiren told him to stop. He landed in a forest.
	"Well?" Sara asked Kiren "Where is it?"
	"I don't know, it should be around here somewhere."
	"Are you positive it_s here?"
	"I think so,"
	"You think so!?" Sara yelled as Rob wandered off, while Sara and Kiren stayed fighting. After a couple of minutes, this fight had gotten to more than just a quarrel.
	"Thanks to you, this planet is going to be blasted into dust! I hope you're killed last, so you can watch your friends die!" Sara yelled.
	"What friends? Geez, all I did was lose a cave gimmie a break!" Kiren replied loudly.
	"What kind of an moron loses a whole cave!?"
	"Well, sor-ry! I guess you don't need my help! I'm leaving!" Kiren screamed and started to walk away.
	"You guys, wait! I found something!" Rob called. Kiren glared at Sara. Sara glared back. They walked over to where Rob was.
	"Is this a cave?" Rob pulled back a layer of grass and dirt.
	"Whoa, that wasn't there before. Let's go in."
	"I don't know, Rob, she's probably trying to kill us!" Sara said grumpily. They both glared at each other again. Rob held open the clump of grass and dirt and let Sara and Kiren go in first. Kiren stopped.
	"Thank you," she politely told Rob. "See? I_m a decent person." 
	"Thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou!! You are the nicest person on this planet! You make my life worth living!" Sara yelled and sneered at Kiren. 
	"Oh, yeah? Well, watch this! Thankyouthank-" Rob slammed the dirt on top of both of them and they fell down the hole. He climbed down into the cave. Another argument started.
	"I hate him more!"
	"Do not!"
	"Do too!" They moved along. The inside of the hole was covered with crystals growing from the walls. The hole was a lot bigger than its entrance. Probably just big enough to fit a bus, so it wasn't that enormous. Rob heard a noise coming from far away.
	"What's that sound?" Rob asked. He listened closer.
	"Uh oh," Kiren said. "I recognize that sound. Rockcrags!"
	"Uh... what's a rockcrag?" Rob asked softly.
	"Is it one of those?" Sara pointed to a lump of mud about 8 feet tall.
	"Yes, that would be one," 3 more lumps of mud came. "And those would be four," Kiren backed away. Rob pulled out his blaster and fired away at a rockcrag. Kiren zapped a ray of light at one of them. It blasted a hole clean through. Sara concentrated some Nova energy and fried the third approaching demon. Rob looked around.
	"Where's Kiren?" he questioned.
	"Probably chickened out and went home." Sara shrugged and said smugly. Rob noticed a rockcrag acting very strangely. It fell down and exploded.
	"Right here." Kiren said returning from her transparent form.
	"Cool," Rob replied.
	"Whatever," Sara commented, regretting the fact that Kiren hadn't run away. Two rockcrags ganged up on Rob.
	"Hello!? C'mon, help!" Rob said, being cornered. Sara was having trouble herself. With Kiren, she blasted a rockcrag apart. After it was destroyed, another came at them.
	"Where's Rob?" Sara asked. She saw him on the ground, bleeding.
	"Oh my," Kiren went over to Rob to check him out. Sara took on the problem that Rob had battled. She discharged bolt after bolt of Nova magic, but it was no use. She converted into Dezamber and concentrated all of her remaining energy on time. Sara let out a cry of anguish and sucked the two rockcrags into the void that connects, past, future, and present.
	Sara walked over to Rob and Kiren.
	"I told you, I feel fine." Rob said weakly to Kiren. Kiren bandaged up cuts and used some cure magic. Rob got up and held his arm.
	"I'm really fine. Now can we please get going?"
	"You scared me for a second there, Rob." Sara said smiling.
	"If we don't hurry I bet more of those guys will come and beat me up some more." They continued on. Rob was a complete mess. His arm was mangled; his head slashed across, Sara and Kiren couldn't even look at him without making some weird face.
	They continued on, considering the possibility that around every corner death could lurk. They turned around another corner, and then death. Rob, Sara, and Kiren stepped back and gasped at the transparent crystal.
	"Welcome, prove your worth" a voice said.
	"Um... I don't think so. Have a nice day?" Rob started to walk away and got blasted by a blue beam. He slowly got up.
	"Now it's personal." Rob said with a glare. He zapped the crystal with a blast of Gemini. He then took out his blaster and shot several times. The crystal fired back ten times harder and Rob fell to the ground.
	"You know I'm sick of monsters like you blowing my friends away!" Sara yelled at the crystal. "Now I'm afraid I'm going to have to tear you apart and bury every molecule 25,000 feet underground!!" Sara yelled and took out the crystal with an Ultra-Nova Burst. Kiren joined in using Light blasts. Rob gradually got up, covered with burns.
	"You're really not very nice, you know." He raised his arms. Then there was a huge explosion and Rob fell back to the ground. The crystal seemed to retreat for a moment, but came back in seconds. Sara used her Nova Flood, which demolished the crystal. The crystal reflected the attack and it hit Kiren. Kiren fell unconscious.
	"Just you and me, huh?" Sara said to the creature with a look that could kill. "Go ahead, make your move." the crystal dissolved. Sara felt dizzy. "No! You won't be the end of the Time Fighters!" Sara said and fell back. She got a sudden burst of energy. She used Nova Flash. The crystal fluctuated.
	"Well done. You are clearly good in heart. I apologize for your pain." the crystal shifted. Rob and Kiren got up.
	"What happened?" Kiren asked, not expecting a logical answer.
	"You have come to find the Omega power. You will obtain it soon. I am the spirit this power you are trying to locate. Evil destroyed the seal so I split myself into 7 pieces around this dimension. Each shard contains one elemental. Gather myself and return here. Each piece of me will give you a test to make sure you are good. I wish you well. You will find the first piece where the non-living concur the living." Rob blinked. They were back at Kiren's house.
	"What," Ramin said, looking at Rob, Kiren, and Sara. He got a strange look on his face.
	"I second that." Rob looked around making sure his eyes weren't playing tricks on him. Sara reverted from Dezamber.
	"Hmm, well I think we know where the Time Fighters' next stop is, AD 2100. Robots concurring humans, that seems about right." Sara suggested.
	"Well, I feel great, now who's going?" Ramin asked.
	"Kiren, let's be friends again." Sara said showing a smile.
	"OK, it did get kind of ridiculous there." Kiren replied.
	"Did not,"
	"Did too,"
	"Did not!"
	"Did too!!"
	"SHUT UP!!" Rob yelled. He considered his choice of words. "Geez, I'm starting to sound like Ramin."
	"Are not." Sara said grimly.
	"OK, I'll go." Ramin volunteered
	"Me too." Kiren said.
	"Yeah, I'm going too." Rob said.
	"Fine, I'll stay here. Have fun." Sara said sarcastically, and wandered into Krystal's room.
	Rob materialized the Gemini Cruiser and took off with Ramin and Kiren.
	"Uh, Rob, next time you take off could you please do it outside my house?" They looked back at the huge hole in the side of the log cabin. Rob increased speed to the max. He set the time autopilot to 5:00 PM, July 18, AD 2100 and tapped the warp button.
	The next thing they knew, they were flying above a huge dome city. Rob landed. He dematerialized and got out of the Gemini Cruiser.
	"Wow, this place is really weird." Ramin commented.
	"No kidding." Kiren replied.
	"So where do go from here?" Rob asked.
	"Hmmm... the place where the non-living concur the living. Well, where are the factories?"
	"What are you guys talking about?!" Ramin questioned.
	"Oh yeah, sorry. I forgot to tell you, there are 7 crystals that we have to assemble into the Omega power. The first is here." Rob explained.
	"I need new friends." Ramin said.
	"OK," Kiren interrupted, "let's get going." Rob walked to the dome and Kiren and Ramin followed. On the dome there was an entryway. Rob walked through it. An explosive surge of energy blasted him back.
	"It looks like this dome is guarded." Kiren told Rob.
	"What gave you that idea?" Rob said angrily. He looked at a keypad on the side of the doorway.
	"I think I know the password." Rob pulled out his blaster and blew a hole through the keypad. Suddenly, a deafening alarm sounded. Guards in high-tech armor instantly surrounded Rob, Kiren, and Ramin.
	"Uh, access denied?" Ramin glanced at Rob and got ready for battle. Ramin fired a blast of wind at the guard in front of him; it reflected and hit Rob.
	"Aack!" Rob fried a guard with his laser. It had little effect.
	"Umm, run?" Kiren asked. They bolted away from the guards.
	"Faster! They're gaining!" Ramin yelled. They ran through streets, darting around corners. They quickly dashed into an alley. They were cornered.
	"OK, what now?" Rob glanced at Ramin, then Kiren. The guards approached them, then a blast from behind the Time Fighters knocked some of the guards unconscious, and the rest fell down.
	"Hurry! We haven't much time!" a voice said. A door opened behind Ramin. They rushed in. The door shut as soon as Rob, Kiren, and Ramin entered. A huge corridor led ahead of them. The walls of the tunnel were covered with pictures of various people. As Rob walked in, he noticed the various plants and strange devices around.
	"Familiar, yet foreign." Rob commented noting the peaceful looking flora. They walked down the long corridor until someone came out of a door.
	"Rob! Ramin! How are you? It's been a while!" Richard said happily. "And who might you be?" he turned his head to Kiren.
	"Just another Time Fighter, my name is Kiren."
	"Kiren, pleased to meet you." Richard smiled at her and he moved his mechanical arm to the front of him.
	"What happened t-to your arm?"
	"Little accident, I'm sorry, I don't want to talk about it right now."
	"Richard! You saved our butts there, thanks!" Rob said to Richard.
	"So what brings you here?" Richard asked.
	"Well, let_s see, we're looking for a strange, mythical power in a factory of some sort, seen it?"
	"Actually no, but how 'bout we talk about it in the morning, the sun's setting and I'd be glad to have you for dinner," Richard suggested.
	"Well, we don't really have that much time."
	"Kiren, listen to yourself. We own a time machine." 
	They went into a bigger room with 3 bunk beds, making a total of 6 beds. These beds were a little different, though.
	"Now, I don't how you rest in your time, so I'll explain about our beds.
	"I remember these..." Kiren recalled, staring at the double-bed structure she had seen long ago when she live in the 20th century.
	"OK, you lay on the top part of the bed." Richard demonstrated. "Take the keypad, and press `New Sleep', after that you can select what you want to do. Press `1' to have a shot injected into your neck that will instantly put you to sleep for 12 hours."
	"Oh boy, that sounds fun," Rob commented sarcastically.
	"Press `2' to play some music. Tell it a name of a song or what kind you would like to listen to. Select the volume by pressing `1-9' and press `cancel' to stop playing. Press `3' to watch any cinematic scene in history, from a fictional piece in the 1950_s, to a war that took place 100 years later. The controls are the same as for the music player. Press `4' to have any piece of text ever written read to you. Same thing, just tell it what you want to hear and you'll hear it. Thirsty? Press `5' and you'll get any beverage you wish, just say the word. Hmm... you_re from 1997 right? Ah yes, alcohol was outlawed, no more of that. `6' is the same, but with food. Press `7' if you_re ailing in any way, and the facility nurse will come check you out. `8' is for if you want to get to sleep the old-fashioned way. It releases 2 pillows and a blanket. The one you need to remember most is `9'. This reminds you of all of the things I just said. Don't press `0', that does a lot of stuff that is only available to permanent recruits. That's about it. Now I-"
	"Richard, now why didn't you introduce me?" a taller kid walked into the room."
	"Hey, Zac, I'd like you to meet 3 of my friends, Rob, Ramin, and Kiren."
	"Hello guests," Zac responded.
	"Howdy, Zac." Rob greeted.
	"Huh? How-dy? What's that?"
	"Never mind."
	"Um, Richard, I came to tell you, it's time for dinner."
	"Could you ask Masar to set 3 more places at the table?"
	"Sure, no problem. Be ready in 10 minutes." Zac left the room.
	"This place scares me," Kiren said, staring around at all the strange-looking devices.
	"You aren_t the only one." Ramin looked at Kiren.
	"I get top bunk!" Rob called and rushed up to the bed. "Huh? Hey Richard, how do I get up?" Rob asked looking at the empty place where the ladder should have been.
	"Quite simply. You press this little button here that says `Up'."
	"Ah, yes." Rob pressed the button and two mechanical arms grabbed him and plopped him down on the cold steel bed. "Cool," Rob commented. He jumped back onto the ground.
	"You guys, I'm starved. Let's go get some grub." Ramin said.
	"What? Grubs!? That's disgusting!!" Richard shouted.
	"It's just slang for food, give me a break." Ramin said quietly, annoyed with how little he could say without having Richard asking him what he meant.
	"Oh yes, of course. Let's go to the dining room." Richard left the room and Rob, Ramin, and Kiren followed. They twisted through many doors and passages, finding photographs of strange-looking people and plants they had never seen before. 
	Finally, they emerged into a gigantic room with several doors and a huge table. The table had to have had at least 30 settings; each one decorated with different medals that the hero that sat there had been given. In the middle of the table was a hole, growing out of this hole was an enormous flower pointing straight up.
	"Beautiful," Kiren commented, staring at the elegant flower.
	"That is our Flower of Life. We believe it gives hope to whoever thinks about it. When we are at war, this flower is very important to us." Richard said staring at the precious flower. "Find an empty place and sit by it," Richard sat down at his place. Rob walked around the table until he found a spot that didn_t have a name, then he sat down. Ramin and Kiren did the same. They sat nowhere near each other. Rob stared at the somewhat normal-looking plate, hoping that he wouldn't make a fool of himself trying to eat. Eventually, several other people walked in. Once most of the chairs were filled, a figure stepped through some double doors off to the side of the dining room.
	"Members of the Rebel Alliance," a bold voice boomed over a microphone. "We have 3 guests with us today. I believe they are Richard's friends. I expect you all to treat all of them with the respect that you show me. Guests, could you please stand up?" Rob slowly got up, along with Ramin and Kiren. "I hope you 3 will also respect our ways, you may now sit down." Rob sat back down. He stared again at the silver plate. Suddenly, it disappeared.
	"Eh?" A hole had opened and the empty plate fell at least hundred feet below the table. Rob looked closer into the gap where the plate used to be. It popped up and squashed him in the face. This plate now had food on it, hot food.
	"Aauugghh!!" Rob ran around the room with the burning plate sticking to his face. He ripped it off, threw it on the floor, and fried it with his blaster again and again. "Die, Alien parasite!!" he took a knife off of someone else's setting and stabbed at the pile of slime.
	By the time this scene was over, everyone in the room was staring at Rob. "Heh, heh, um, heh?" Rob walked back to his setting. Another plate popped up, but this time instead of slamming his face into it, he calmly ate it. The food didn't taste completely different than regular food, except that it was a little less salty. After dinner, Masar dismissed the giant group of people and Rob, Kiren, Ramin, and Richard found each other.
	"Rob?" Richard looked at Rob as if a piano just fell on him.
	"What?" Rob replied as Richard continued staring at him. "What!?" 
	The four teens traveled back to their room.
	"OK, now tomorrow we'll get up early, have our morning meal, and talk about this power." Richard told his friends and ducked under the bunk bed. Kiren ducked under the other bed. Ramin hopped on the top bed.
	"Night, guys." Rob climbed to the top bed. He looked at the small keypad. He realized that he had forgotten what the numbers meant. He looked at the buttons in disbelief. Suddenly he remembered something about a "Help" key. Was it "1" or "9"? "1"... or "9"? Without thinking, Rob quickly tapped "1".
	Rob woke up the next morning. His neck ached horribly. He pressed the palm of his hand to his neck and looked at it. There was blood.
	"Oh... `9'," Rob said, not surprised. He jumped down from the bed and looked around. Everyone was gone, probably to breakfast. There were 3 exits in the room. One he had come through the night before, so that was eliminated. A note was on the door near his bed. He read it: 
	"Hey, Rob! You were asleep so we left you here. We'll come back when you're 90. PS Don't go through this door." Rob opened the door and entered the room.
	"See, I told you it wouldn't work," Kiren said and smacked Ramin on the back of the head.
	"Good morning, Rob." Richard said cheerfully. "I see you've tried the shot."
	"So that's what it was," Rob said groggily and rubbed his neck. He took a seat at the miniature table they were sitting at. They chatted for a while, then a small robot entered. It was about 2 feet high and moved on wheels. The small robot moved under the table. 4 plates sprouted upward onto the table. A flat, bluish, soft disc rested on the plate. Ramin picked it up and quickly ate it. Rob took a small bite, then he slowly chewed.
	"Ramin, I think that was the placemat." Kiren said. Ramin paused for a second.
	"I'll have another, please." Ramin said. The small robot returned with 3 meals and another placemat. They slowly ate their breakfast, saying a word now and then. Ramin had another 2 placemats, everybody passed it as a normal thing, except Richard who kept giving him a weird look.
	Suddenly, Zac ran into the room.
	"Richard, have you heard the news? Factory 89-B went completely haywire! 76% of the place is off-line!" Zac yelled at him. Richard_s eyes grew wide.
	"89-B!? Epsilon_s in there!"
	"You keep Epsilon in a factory now?" Rob asked him.
	"Yes, it_s much safer ...until now," Richard said sadly.
	"Who?" Kiren was totally confused.
	"Epsilon; Richard_s ALI; robot; android; non-living box of crap." Ramin explained impatiently.
	"We_ve got to get down there." Richard said with no expression on his face. "He could be..."
	"For God_s sake he doesn_t exist!" Rob yelled at him.
	"You don_t understand. He was given to me when I was born. He has been one of my truest allies." Richard replied softly, yet abruptly.
	"X-Y114, we_re coming," Zac looked at the sad Richard.
	"We_re coming with you, too." Kiren told him and sighed. 
	Richard dashed to a wall and tapped a couple of buttons on a console. A door opened at the other side of the room. Richard ran in and motioned the others to follow. The room was empty except for a few seats. The 5 of them sat down. Suddenly, a jolt, and then the same door opened again, but outside the door was a different surrounding area.	
	"I_ve found it_s best not to ask." Kiren was really tired of not understanding anything. They walked out of the room into a disaster area. There were thrown over tables, fire everywhere, and even the shatter resistant glass was all over the floor.
	"Worst than anybody could ever imagine..." Richard said as he looked around for something that was actually intact. To the left of the room there was a computer panel that only had a few dents in it. Zac ran over to it. Richard followed. Rob, Ramin, and Kiren just stared with their mouths open. Rob pulled out his blaster, believing it would solve everything. It didn_t. 
	He walked out to the right of the room. Something exploded next to him and he was thrown to the ground, he slowly got up. He looked around, deciding not to move. The entire room seemed to be arranged around a charred core or something. 
	Zac and Richard were working on the console while Ramin and Kiren stuck close together, exploring the room. There was some kind of blackened door to the right of him. Rob went over to it and touched it. The door collapsed and caused about a dozen explosions down the hall behind the doorway, this caused the entire hall to cave in.
	"I didn_t do it." Rob said quietly.
	"Hey, you guys, get over here!" Ramin called. Rob and Kiren walked over to Ramin.
	"What do you suppose this is?" They both looked down. There was a puddle of red stuff leaking from under the charred core.
	"It could be some kind of high-tech fuel." Rob guessed.
	"Or just plain blood." Kiren added. They stared at for a few seconds, and then a strange thing started happening.
	"Eww, weird it_s... moving!" Rob stared at the glob of red as it slowly inched up the core. It then dissolved.
	"Weird, indeed." Ramin said. They heard a creaking. "What_s that?"
	"It_s coming from the black thing." Rob said and stepped back. With those words, the core crumbled to the floor with a large crash.
	"Accident? No." Ramin said and eyed the huge, metallic weird thing. "Richard, get over here."
	"What is it, Ramin?" Richard said without much interest.
	"This thing tried to fall on me," Rob frowned. The red liquid started emanating out of the fallen core. Rob raised his blaster. "Not taking any chances with this sucker," 
	Zac turned away from the computer.
	"Hey, Zac do you have any idea what this is?" Richard pointed to the muck that was now forming one big pile.
	"I think that might be the reason that this factory has been torn down." Zac said really hoping he was wrong. "A certain robot named Z-R068 went completely insane and wrecked the place." The ooze was now forming a slight humanoid shape.
	"<CONFRONTING 5 HUMANS; PROCESSING STRATEGY>" The ALI echoed.
	"This has bad day written all over it," Rob stared at the ALI.
	"Bad news, this is Z-R068." Zac said solemnly.
	"<STRATEGY ANALYSIS COMPLETE; ELIMINATE TARGETS>" Z-R068 emanated a beam from himself. Zac screamed, and then he lifelessly fell to the ground. Everybody was completely stunned. 
	"<4 TARGETS REMAINING>" This is when Rob had taken enough.
	"Look here, ALI, I don_t know how you do things in this time, but I feel I need to show you your tactical error." Rob_s eyes narrowed.
	"<TARGET B SEEMS TO BE TRYING TO COMMUNICATE>"
	"Damn right I_m trying to communicate!" Rob focused a blast of Gemini. It forced Z-R068 to the ground. 
	"So much for subtlety," Ramin fired off a Darth Tornado. It had little effect. Kiren let out a beam of intense light energy.
	"<HUMANS SEEM TO HAVE A DEATH WISH>" Z-R068 said and almost smiled.
	"I haven_t known robots to say anything like that," Rob was instantly grounded with a bolt of lightning. "_Course I can no longer recall my name, either." Rob then collapsed.
	"<3 PITIFUL EARTH CREATURES TO GO>"
	"I don_t like this guy." Ramin looked at Richard.
	"Surprise, surprise," Kiren smiled.
	"No time for chatting, friends, this guy doesn_t look too happy." The insane robot had buffed up one of its arms and was shimmering brightly. Ramin didn_t give him the chance to obliterate his remaining friends. Ramin calmly held out his had. He smiled. For a brief second, Z-R068 actually saw him, but at that moment the entire ceiling caved in on the homicidal ALI.
	"No big deal," Ramin revealed a slight grin.
	The pile of rubble erupted and underneath was an extremely irritated wad of chemicals. "<BIG DEAL, HUMAN>" Ramin mouth hung open. "<YOU HUMANS INTRIGUE ME, EITHER THAT OR I_M JUST GOING TO ENJOY WATCHING YOU SUFFER>" The android laughed heartily. "<THAT_S WHY I_M GOING TO GIVE YOU AN ATTEMPT TO SAVE YOU AND YOUR TRUE ALLYS. I WILL HIDE SOMEWHERE IN THIS FACTORY AND YOU WILL HAVE A MINUTE TO FIND ME. IF YOU FAIL, I WILL KILL ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS. I THEN WILL GIVE YOU ANOTHER MINUTE, IF YOU STILL DO NOT FIND ME I WILL KILL YOUR OTHER FRIEND. IF YOU DON_T FIND ME AT THE END OF THREE MINUTES, YOU ALL DIE.>"
	"And if we do succeed?" Kiren said suspiciously.
	"<I MAKE NO PROMISES.>" The robot smiled again. "<BEGIN.>" Rob, Zac, and Z-R068 instantly disintegrated from the room.
	"Let_s get going!" Kiren shouted and blasted out of the room through a doorway of to the side of the room. They followed. In the corridor beyond the doorway there were multiple entrances on each side, most of them completely trashed.
	"These are all dead ends!" Richard knew this factory. "About 3.5 kilometers down, there is fuel room. Z-R068 might be there."
	"3 and a half kilometers!?" Ramin yelled. They dashed incredibly quickly down the hall.
	"<30 SECONDS REMAINING.>" The ALI chuckled. They had nearly forgotten. Richard tripped over some rubble. Ramin single-handedly yanked Richard off the ground. Ramin then rushed forward, dragging him behind.
	"<15 SECONDS>" The dead voice boomed over the intercom system. Ramin ran faster. Kiren and Richard could hardly keep up.
	"This is it," Richard said, gasping for air.
	"<10, 9,>"
	Ramin touched the gray door.
	"We can_t get in without the power on!" Richard yelled.
	"<7, 6, 5,>" Ramin blasted the door with tremendous force from a tornado.
	"<4, 3, 2,>" Ramin then gathered all of his strength and blew away the door.
	"<1>"
	The room was empty. No Rob, no Zac, no Z-R068. The 3 of them were just stared in disbelief.
	"<TARGET A WILL NOW BECOME CEASE TO LIVE; YOU HAVE A REMAINING MINUTE TO SAVE TARGET B.>" Z-R068 laughed hysterically. After that, they heard a sickening thud.
	Kiren_s eyes grew wide. "One of our friends... is gone,"
	"We must... hurry," Ramin pulled together all of his courage. They ran down another long hallway, but this time without as much determination and strength. They had something very hard to face.
	"I think... maybe this way," Richard showed shame for leading Ramin and Kiren away from their friends. "I apologize," Richard said softly. Ramin and Kiren said nothing.
	Minutes went by, no sound in the intercom. They also found absolutely no trace of their friend or the villain ALI.
	"What happened to that robot thing?" Kiren asked softly.
	"I d- AAUUGGHH!" The 3 of them suddenly fell through a charred area of the floor. It seemed like an endless depth, but then, just as suddenly, they smacked the floor with a loud crash. After minutes of extreme unhappiness, Kiren was the first up, followed by Ramin and Richard.
	"Zac, Rob!" Richard was the first to realize that Rob and Zac were in the room.
	"You guys are alive!!"
	"You had doubts?" Rob said smugly.
	"What happened?" Richard knew that a sophisticated robot wouldn_t be less than perfect at executing prisoners.
	"Oh, it was great!" Rob said happy to see his friends. "First I woke up. I needed a plan. I saw that Z-R068 was investigating Zac. Suddenly, I jumped into action!" Rob jumped and pulled out his blaster. "I took out my blaster set it on `vaporize_ and blew a hole through the punk!" Rob threw his head back and laughed.
	"It was pretty `cool_," Zac smiled.
	"Well that_s one less thing to worry about," Kiren said happily.
	"Kiren, there are at least a thousand other ALIs in this place." Ramin reminded.
	"37, not to worry Richard, Epsilon is one of them." Zac saw a sigh of relief on Richard_s face. "I guess X-Y114 was idle or in deep storage at the time."
	"How do you know this?" Richard asked.
	"That computer." Zac pointed to an enormous console on the side of the room. "It wasn_t too smart for an intelligent ALI to take us into a room with a computer that holds tons of data. Also, there_s another thing..." Zac paused. "Its creator; the ALI_s circuitry was extensively modified. It had been altered..." Zac took a deep breath. "By a greater power,"
	"Just great," Ramin said.
	"There_s more. Some kind of incredibly strong alloy. I don_t think there are any exits." Rob remarked. Kiren, Richard, and Ramin looked around.
	"He_s right, we_re trapped."
	"Well, there_s gotta be some way out of here. Look for emergency exits or power transmitters." Ramin suggested.
	"Let_s split up," The reason Rob said this was because the room was about as big as a football stadium. He then started walking away from the other 4.
	Rob headed to a far away corner of the room. Everything looked pretty normal except by just looking at the wall, you could tell it was at least 3 feet thick. He walked counter-clockwise around the room. To the side of him he noticed a slight glimmering. He decided to go over to it. It was a small box. The object resembled what seemed like a space-age music box. He tried to open it, he couldn_t. By looking around it, he noticed that there was a silver button on the side. He pressed it.
	"Argh!" Rob fell to the ground. A high-pitched squeal came from the small object. Rob tried desperately to cover his ears. It then suddenly stopped.
	"<Z-R068; ACKNOWLEDGED. REINFORCEMENTS HAVE BEEN PAGED,>" The box told Rob.
	"Oh, crap." Rob ran over to Ramin who was staring at a huge object. It looked like some kind of airplane.
	"Ramin, I founded a teeny, weeny, black box and it told me that bad guys was coming at us. Peese save me! Peese?" Rob said imitating a small child. He then burst into tears.
	"Oh, is Baby Bobbo being chased by mean ol_ monsters?" Ramin said to Rob, humoring him.
	"Yes I is, but seriously though, I-" Suddenly about 30 ALIs blasted into the room, right through the steel wall.
	"As if we didn_t have enough problems," Rob said rolling his eyes. Kiren didn_t want to give the insane ALIs a chance. She quickly fired a bolt of light. 2 ALIs absorbed it. They seemed heavily damaged, but not completely inoperable. Ramin caught one in a tornado. It absorbed minimal damage. Richard took out a couple with a blast from his laser.
	"<DEFENSE INITIATED: BEWARE OF OPPONENT B, C, D...>" A robot glared at them coldly. The dead stare was positively shocking.
	"I don_t want to take the chance, there_s too many of them!" Rob yelled above the laser bolts. Ramin was quickly blasted with a surge of electricity. "We have to find a way out!" A damaged robot suffered as it made its way towards Rob. The ALI slowly raised its arm to Rob_s eye level. Rob pulled his blaster on him and fired multiple times. Rob nearly felt sorry for the heavily injured ALI that was now just a puddle of blue liquid.
	Something suddenly came to Rob.
	"Kiren, hold _em off!" Rob said as Kiren stepped into place. Rob quickly rushed to the incredibly strange aircraft. To his surprise when he touched the door it opened. In a flash he was inside, surveying the controls. After several seconds of examination, Rob leaned outside the doorway. This sight was terrifying; parts of robots everywhere, ooze dripping from them, strewn bodies across the floor, this was a complete disaster area.
	"I think I figured this baby out! Hop on in!" Rob yelled. Ramin, Kiren, and Zac eagerly came. They were heavily in need of medical attention. For some reason, Richard stopped. He then examined the remains of all the ALIs. One came up behind him.
	"Richard, look out!" Rob called and targeted the technological disaster. Richard quickly turned around.
	"Kiss your protons goodbye, ALI scum!" Rob cranked the power to the highest setting.
	"Rob, no!" Richard yelled to stop Rob from frying X-Y114, Epsilon. It was too late; the beam had already been fired. Richard stared as he watched his friend obliterate his true ally.
	Rob had recognized this incredible mistake a second later, but right now what could they do about it? Rob quickly rushed outside the entryway and gathered the remains of Richard_s friend. Richard was already doing this, very slowly as if to examine every piece. He didn_t care if Epsilon_s friends took him out. Rob_s pace slowed. He knew he had to say something, but what? What do you say when you literally destroy a friend_s best ALI, or ally? 
	They eventually got into the huge spaceship. Rob punched a couple of buttons. Nothing happened. He punched a couple of more buttons. Something banged on the door. He had almost forgotten! The evil ALIs that were after him suddenly started smashing the door incredibly hard.
	"Rob, get us out of here!" Ramin shouted against the horrendous thumping.
	"Give me a minute!" A small laser now cut through the side of the aircraft.
	"I don_t think we have a minute."
	Rob pushed a lever forward. A vibrant humming emitted from the aircraft. He then punched a couple more buttons. Rob then paused, closed his eyes, and flicked a switch. The humming grew louder. The ALIs now ripped a small hole in the wall of the craft. Rob quickly punched 3 more buttons. In a flash, they had blasted through a wall about 50 feet away. They smashed through many walls without hesitation. The craft must have been going at least 100 mph. Suddenly, it came to a complete halt. Everyone was thrown around inside the aircraft. 
	Minutes later, everyone stumbled out of the strange spacecraft.
	"Oy," Rob said dizzily. The craft had slammed into a very strong wall.
	"That_s strange, it obliterated all the other walls." Ramin said, rubbing his head. There was a large door in the side of the wall that they had crashed into.
	"Well?" Rob smiled. "Shall we?"
	"Are you completely insane?" Ramin looked at Rob strangely. The large door opened almost magically. "Well if you aren_t, I am." Ramin rubbed his head again. Rob looked at Ramin and smiled again.
	"Coincidence? I think not." Rob turned and headed for the large doorway. Ramin and the others slowly followed. Seconds later, they regretted it.
	They walked into a large room and looked up. There it was, the first test. It appeared as a shard of the original crystal, but shimmering as a hologram would.
	"Oh, I am really not in the mood for this." Rob shook his head.
	"Greetings, I am the water elemental. You will now be tested, good luck." Although incredibly tired, the Time Fighters were ready.
	"Eat toast, crystal," Rob pulled out his G. Blaster and aimed for the entity_s upper half. It hit with great impact. Kiren blasted it with some of her light magic. It disappeared.
	"Well that was easy." Kiren said proud of herself.
	"Sure it was," Rob said. "Get ready," Rob knew from previous experiences what would come next.
	Suddenly, every molecule of air was sucked to the center of the room. Rob could feel the air depleting in his lungs. They couldn_t breathe. Rob frantically thought of a solution, but then, as quick as the horrendous vacuum in the middle of the room, the air was condensed and blasted back at them. It was water. Rob tried to inhale, no air. The room was quickly filling with life-supporting oxygen. It was useless in its liquid form, however. Rob was now gasping for air, struggling to keep his head above water, as if it mattered.
	With a hazy glance, he noticed that somehow, the airtight entrance to this room had been closed. The test, it had been a test! Realizing this, he knew that there must be a way to end it. Running out of air quickly, he searched the room. A wave clobbered him against a wall. With a smash, his glasses flew to the bottom of the small lake. He could hardly see and could not hold his breath much longer. A new feeling, it felt so nice, so fuzzy. Death, it had disguised itself, but Rob knew that if succumbed to the dizziness he would surely perish. Time was running out.
	"Time..." he garbled with his last breath as the waves hit against him. It was a long shot. He didn_t know if he could do it. He didn_t even know if it possible. Still, he had to try.
	He focused his mind to the past. Gasping for air it, slowly, slowly, it came to him. He could see himself, his past. He could see the Time Fighters stepping out of the smoldering craft. What was past, became the present.
	"Coincidence? I think not." Rob turned and headed for the large doorway. It happened automatically, as if he didn_t control his body. Ramin and the others slowly followed. Seconds later, they regretted it. The Rob from the future fought for control, but it was useless.
	They walked into a large room and looked up. There it was, the first test, the second time.
	"Oh, I am really not in the mood for this." Rob shook his head. Rob told his past to listen to himself. Instantly, he could here his future whispering to his past whispering to his past whispering his past, and a million times over.
	"Huh?" Rob thought he was going insane.
	"Greetings, I am the water elemental. You will now be tested, good luck." Although incredibly tired, the Time Fighters were ready.
	"Rob, give me control, I am your future." Rob said to himself. Rob trusted the complete lack of sense, and slowly let go. Rob could feel his power gaining. He lifted the past Rob_s arm, and smiled.
	"Argh!" Without hesitation, Rob latched onto the Elemental. "DIE!!" Rob quickly told Rob to convert to Hallesia. The crystal couldn_t take the power of the broken laws of time. They disappeared, Rob, Rob, and the crystal.
	The others had no idea where Rob had gone, or the crystal, for that matter. In time, that_s where they were.
	It wasn_t possible. Rob had wondered previously. It was now clear, when something doesn_t go right, it isn_t pleasant.
	"It was not the solution," the crystal decided. "You are doomed,"
	"I may be, but I_m not!!" Rob threw Rob_s past self out towards a hole in time. At this point, they ripped apart. The future of Rob was transparent ghost of a figure.
	"Interesting approach," the crystal seemed pleased. "You will die anyway, therefore you save your past and opposing present!" the crystal seemed to ponder this. "There is also a flaw in that, however. Do you control your past_s future?" The crystal chuckled. "That is a question that will never be answered, for there is no solution. Your past wins. Wish him luck." the crystal disappeared, and there Rob stood, a non-existent figure, for the rest of non-existent eternity, kind of.
	"How strange," Rob shook his head. My future..."
	"We did it! Nice job Rob!" Kiren said, acting exactly like a cheerleader.
	"He will not exist," Rob was completely stunned. "I_m dead, or rather my past_s past_s future. I_m assuming..." This was too much for Rob. He threw up on the floor.
	"Hey, Rob, we gotta get you home," Zac put his hand on Rob_s shoulder. Although feeling terribly sick and tired, he felt a new sort of power. A slight form of power, but still, a new power.
	"Farewell, Rob," Rob said sadly.
	At the base, they had their afternoon meal, all except Rob of course. He sat on his bed, pondering. 
	Where did his future exactly go to if he didn_t exist? He couldn_t have just vanished. It wasn_t possible, or was it? 
	"Something is wrong, isn_t there Rob?" Rob hadn_t even noticed Ramin walking into the room. "What were you talking about back there?"
	"My future sacrificed himself for my past." Rob replied, staring at Ramin blankly.
	"Bummer." Ramin insensitively replied.
	"What happens? Where is he? Am I him?" Rob said loudly, narrowing his eyes.
	"We_ll never know." Ramin calmly told him. "What is the gigantic problem, though?"
	"We were harmless. Kids shooting monsters with guns. That_s all it was. Now someone is dead, or rather, never existed."
	"Rob, we had this coming. Sooner or later..." Ramin trailed off. "Ya know?" Ramin sighed. "We have to keep fighting. The battle isn_t over yet. There are many battles yet to come. But we will end it." Ramin smiled. "We will."
	Rob jumped of the bed. "I know." Rob then followed Ramin in to the dining room with the others. He noticed Richard wasn_t there, nor Zac.
	"Where are Zac and Richard?" Rob asked. It then hit him.
	"After lunch, they ran to a private accessed room."
	"X-Y114"
	"Rob, you feelin_ better?" Kiren asked Rob sympathetically.
	"I-I_m better." Rob had forgotten that Kiren was there.
	"Well, we_ve caused enough damage maybe we_d just better get going."
	"No," Richard stepped into the room and sternly said. 
	Rob was silent, and then decided to say something. "I_m sor-"
	"I know, Rob. Don_t be, it was an accident." Richard tried to comfort Rob.
	"Is he going to be alright?" Kiren asked quietly.
	"Zac says yes." Richard said satisfied. He paused. "I want to come with you. Something tells me that your mission has not ended here."
	"Far from it." Rob replied.
	"We_d be happy to have you join our little group." Ramin greeted.
	"What about Epsilon?"
	"I don_t think I want to have him risk his life."
	"Ah, well how are we going to fit you in the Gemini Cruiser? It only seats 3." Rob asked.
	"Problem,"
	"Well, I suppose we could just cram in like sardines." Ramin suggested.
	"Please don_t compare me to small aquatic organisms." Richard replied.
	"I guess that_s the only way to do it," Rob realized, trying to figure an alternative. Rob, Kiren, and Ramin made their way outside while Richard said his goodbyes to Zac.
	Rob materialized the Gemini Cruiser.
	"Well, here goes. You guys get in first." The 3 of them got in and Rob followed.
	"Rob, forgive me for complaining, but this is extremely unpleasant." Richard politely said.
	"Really? I hadn_t noticed." Rob said sarcastically and set the time gauge for about 15 minutes after they had left Kiren_s house. He then blasted off. After seconds of utterly impossible conditions, they landed. They stepped out of Gemini Cruiser. Rob dematerialized it.
	"What a peculiar habitat." Richard stared at the tall, untouched, trees. "They haven_t been modified at all."
	"Yes, yes, that_s very nice." Rob paid him no attention. They stepped inside with Richard.
	"Oh, hello Richard."
	"Greetings, Sara," Richard replied.
	"Why are you guys back so soon?" Sara_s interest depleted. "Oh that_s right, we have a time machine."
	"Well, we obtained the 1st crystal." Rob said to Sara.
	"Good for you, next stop?" Sara asked.
	"We don_t exactly know yet," Rob explained. "We haven_t got a clue yet from the Omega,"
	"Are we just going to wait around here for an answer? I say w-" Sara paused. "Did anybody hear that?"
	"I think so..." Rob heard something in his head.
	"Yes, it is me." The Omega power whispered in their heads silently.
	"Well, we have an answer."
	"Congratulations, you have obtained the first part: the water elemental." the voice said without emotion. "Now comes the 2nd challenge, the fire elemental, listen carefully. The beginning, the beginning of it all. Good Luck" At that exact moment they all awoke from the trance they were under.
	"OK, where would that be?" Sara broke the silence.
	"The very beginning," Ramin repeated out loud.
	"1997," Rob concluded.
	"Rob, you started this. You were the first. That weird guy, he picked you. It_s got to be your hometime."
	"Sara, it was talking about us as a group. It didn_t start until 1997." Rob explained, not really knowing.
	"Rob, it was the very beginning. Sara_s right, your hometime it is the place to go." Ramin added.
	"But how can fire exist in an ice world?"
	Rob soon found out. They had traveled to the ice-cold world of AD 211, just weeks after it had all began. Rob stepped out of the Gemini Cruiser.
	"OK, so we_re here. Now what? No welcome mat." Rob said sarcastically.
	"Rob, lead us to the part where you stumbled into the time portal." Sara said, desperately trying to shield herself from all the snow.
	"I didn_t stumble, I was ruthlessly sucked into the black hole." Rob protested.
	"Sure, whatever." Sara said uninterested.
	Rob let it go. "Somewhere up here I think." They made their way through the violent blizzard. "Right- whoa..." The place had changed, a lot.
	"What is it?"
	"The entire kingdom. Gone..." He was right. An enormous kingdom had been there just weeks ago. Now, a pile of snow took its place. Rob noticed an entrance into the large pile of snow. "What the-"
	"Let_s go inside." Sara suggested.
	"What do you mean, let_s go inside? It_s a pile of snow. You can_t go inside." Rob said, wondering about Sara. Sara entered the pile of snow. "Fine, fine, why should anyone listen to Rob?" Rob said as Ramin entered the small snow castle. "Oh boy, this should be fun." Rob said sarcastically. He also entered.
	Inside, the walls were coated with ice. Cautiously, they went farther into the cave. The cave went forward farther than they could see. Each step, the temperature decreased.
	"At this rate, we_re going to be popsicles by the time we get down there." Rob realized. He started running. Sara and Ramin followed close behind. They ran for what seemed like miles.
	"You guys, I can_t keep this up much longer." Sara said, gasping for air. Rob turned his head back. He couldn_t see the way they came in. Rob looked forward. He couldn_t see beyond.
	"Well, loss one for Sara_s ingenuity." Rob said and hit the ground.
	"Rob, get up!" Sara tugged at his shirt. He was long gone. Sara knelt toward him, and didn_t get up.
	"Crap," Ramin fell also.
	Rob awoke in a bed. The room around him was made of stone. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. He was still cold, but not ice-cold. He slowly got up from the small bed and walked towards the doorway. He rubbed his hands together to get warmer, then continued through the door. Outside, there were 4 doors. Silently, he walked through one. Ramin lied in the bed.
	"Ramin, we have to get out of here." Rob whispered. Ramin slowly opened his eyes. He was about to say something, but Rob put his hand over Ramin_s mouth.
	"Look, we have to find Sara, then break out of here."
	Ramin caught on. "Wherever here is..." He whispered, looking around. They both evacuated the room. In the next room, a vacant bed stood.
	"We need to find her," Rob went through the final door and silently readied his G. Blaster.
	"Rob, how are you?" Shekeda said in his pleasant, welcoming voice. The old man hugged Rob, then Ramin. "We_re glad we found you 3 before something bad happened!"
	Rob slowly lowered the blaster from Shekeda_s face. "Hi," Rob said, slightly embarrassed. Ramin welcomed Shekeda_s presence.
	"That was a bit frightening." Ramin smiled.
	"Why don_t you have breakfast with us?" Shekeda offered.
	They sat down at a small table with Sara and the zoggots.
	"Ooooh, fuzzies! I thought I_d never see you again!" Rob laughed and squeezed Zeggy tightly.
	"I beg your pardon?" Zeggy said solemnly.
	"You are a fuzzy. Fuzzies are little creatures. They run around with fuzz, and they are fuzzy, too." Rob explained matter-of-factly.
	"I do not run, and I am not fuzzy." Zeggy sighed.
	"Yes you are!" Rob squeezed tighter.
	"Rob, please let me go or I will be forced to take offensive maneuvers." Zeggy said monotonously. Rob gently put the small creature on the floor. Ramin and Rob sat down at the small table by Sara. Sara was eating what seemed to be a small bowl of oatmeal.
	"How_s the food?" Ramin questioned.
	"It_s like eating Sugar-Frosted Cocoa-Swirls. It_s completely sugar-based." Sara answered and kept chewing. The other 2 were handed bowls of mush and a large, wooden spoon. Rob tasted it. Sara was right. It was exactly like taking a bite out of a light bulb.
	"Whoa," Rob shuddered. He blinked a couple of times, then continued eating.
	"So," Shekeda started. "What brings you 3 to us?"
	"Well," Rob said in between bites. "We are looking for this shard of power that we think might have originated here."
	"Interesting. Zeggy, will you accompany Rob, Sara, and Ramin on their journey? Make sure they don_t get into trouble."
	"Of course. Just let me get ready. I will be finished by the time you 3 finish your morning meal." Zeggy said politely and traveled into one of the many caverns.
	"Once you think about this, it_s very easy to believe we_re all going insane." Ramin casually mentioned. "We are in an cave full of intelligent fuzzy creatures that no one else has ever discovered. We got here by a time machine/space ship and we were directed by an incomparable power." Everyone continued eating as if Ramin hadn_t said anything.
	"Nevermind."
	"What?"
	After they had breakfast, they started out of the zoggots massive cave. It wasn_t nearly as cold, considering it was about ten _o clock in the morning, but it was still a very uncomfortable temperature. When they walked from the cave, Rob recalled the fact that he had observed earlier.
	"Zeggy, would you happen to know what happened to the castle that was here a couple of weeks ago." Rob asked, shivering.
	Zeggy tilted his head, as if contemplating Rob_s question. "I-" Zeggy looked at the spot again. "I really don_t know Rob. I hadn_t noticed any change until you mentioned this. I have no idea where..." Zeggy tried to reason with himself, but couldn_t find a logical explanation for why this gigantic palace was suddenly missing.
	"It_s no problem, Zeg." Sara didn_t want Zeggy to blow a fuse or something. With this, Zeggy ceased though on the subject.
	"So, what exactly are we looking for?" Zeggy asked.
	"If only we knew. I suppose it will find us." Rob nodded his head.
	"I apologize, but if we are not exactly sure of what we are looking for, the odds of us finding it are un-" Zeggy discontinued when he realized that no one was listening. The 3 had split up, looking for small clues or just trying to find something to do.
	Sara was just wandering around, as well as Ramin. Rob seemed to be holding something, investigating it. 
	Zeggy walked over to Rob. "What did you discover, Rob?"
	"N-nothing much." Rob said, distracted. He stared into the golden mirror, as if trying to solve a mystery. "It_s familiar somehow."
	"Hey Rob! Check it out!" Sara yelled. 
	Suddenly, lightning struck and Rob was gone.
	"I don_t think any of us saw that one coming." Ramin stared at the golden mirror that was all that was left of Rob. Zeggy, Sara, moved over to the charred snow.
	"Holy shit, you don_t think he_s really...dead?" Ramin gasped. For another minute, they just stared at the remnants of Rob.
	"OK, so..." Sara and the rest of them were all a bit stunned.
	Zeggy broke another long silence. "Why don_t you just go back and time and prevent that from happening?"
	"My power to open a portal into time is very unreliable. Even if I did get it open and we got into the right time, the chances that I could get us back would be pretty much zero. Also, Rob has control of the Gemini Cruiser. Without him, we_re stuck, and he_s..." Sara took a deep breath. "Look, he can_t be dead. Wherever he is, we have to find him. It_s not like we_re going anywhere." Ramin and Zeggy agreed.
	"Look..." Zeggy motioned to the mirror that was still perfectly intact. "That_s what he was doing, investigating the small mirror."
	"Great, now we have a choice. Either take a leap of faith into mirror land and hope it doesn_t kill us, or look around this place hopelessly." Sara said.
	Ramin picked up the small mirror, facing his destiny. He waited for a second, nothing.
	"So...how did he activate this?"
	"I_m not sure, he just disappeared." Zeggy said, perplexed.
	"Well, that_s one less thing to worry about. Where should we search for Rob?" Ramin handed the mirror to Sara.
	She looked it over, then spoke. "OK, first of all, it has to be someplace that actually makes sense." She paused. "And we_re limited to this specific time."
	"Shekeda could help." Zeggy suggested, trying to be of some assistance.
	"Zeggy_s right, we should see him." Sara said, sounding a bit nervous. The 3 traveled back into the long, black cave, realizing they would have no plan at all if Shekeda didn_t have any suggestions. They finally approached the main part of the underground area.
	"Back so soon? Where_s Rob?" Shekeda asked, sensing something wrong.
	"He sort of..." 
	"Vanished, in a bolt of lightning." Sara finished. "He was holding a golden mirror, then CRACK! We haven_t got any clue of what we_re going to do. We were hoping to get some help from you."
	"This was the mirror." Ramin handed him the golden item.
	Shekeda gazed into it for a moment, pondering, then he replied. "Well, I_m not sure what to tell you." He paused. "It seems you_re stuck in this time. Chances are, he is real-" Shekeda choked on his spit, saying the word. "Really dead..." The glitter in the old man_s eye seemed to fade away at that exact moment. "But," He said, trying to sound hopeful. "We must still look. He wouldn_t have given up for any one of us, so we can_t give up on him." Sara and Ramin nodded in agreement. Zeggy couldn_t nod, so he just gave a look that said he would be there for assistance.
	"Let_s go."
	As they traveled outward towards the surface, the long tunnel seemed much colder after they had gone through twice that day. 
	"Brrr...it sure is cold." Shekeda shivered and then decided to cast a mist spell to protect the party from the cold. Before he could raise his hands, he felt a small rumbling from the cave. "Huh?"
	Sara looked around. "This place is caving in." she said as quietly as she could to avoid helping the cave-in.
	"Do we tiptoe softly or run like hell?" Ramin whispered softly. The cave rumbled again.
	"I_d say run like hell." Zeggy said, only a hint of worry in his speech.
	"On 3," Sara said tensely, forgetting to lower her voice
	"1," Ramin said.
	"2" Zeggy chimed in. Another rumbling occurred.
	"3!" Shekeda dashed for exit as quickly as possible, followed by Sara, Ramin, and Zeggy. For about a minute they saw no light, but kept racing on. The rumblings now turned into small earthquakes. Parts of the walls crumbled onto the floor, along with the ceiling. Now, along with running, they jumped, ducked, and prayed to avoid small rocks being forced at them. They spotted the exit. With all their might, they forced themselves toward it. A loud crash, the ceiling fell down behind them, and continued to fall.
	The exit was still about a hundred feet away.
	"We_ll never make it!" Sara yelled frantically over the crash of boulders. She quickly stepped back and started taking out the entire wall with bursts of Nova magic.
	"No! Wall! We need! Ceiling! Fall! Need wall!" Ramin said, not believing what she was doing. A small shimmer of light broke through the rubble. She charged up and let loose another bolt of Nova. Now there was an opening just wide enough for a human to fit through. She grabbed Zeggy and threw him through. Shekeda crawled through.
	"Aarggh!" Ramin said as he was hit by a large rock. Sara grabbed his hand and pulled him through along with herself. The world exploded. That_s what it seemed like, anyway. Seconds after the 4 escaped, the ice cave collapsed with a horrendous explosion.
	"Noting you just saved my life, I will not punish you for the pain I suffered when you threw me into the snow."
	"Gee, thanks." Sara rolled her eyes.
	Shekeda knelt down in the snow. "How will we get back?" he sadly said questioned.
	"Relax, we_ll find a way." Zeggy said to Shekeda, showing affection in his voice.
	"So, do you want to try to get back in or find Rob first?" Ramin brought to discussion.
	"Well, it w-" Zeggy was stopped by another rumbling in the ground.
	"Oh no..." Sara said.
	Suddenly, the second challenge appeared. A huge flaming crystal loomed above the recovering party. They readily got up and approached.
	"I know your predicament. Please, do not give up, for it is hope that decides fate, not power." the crystal shimmered. "I will give you 10 of your seconds to rest before attacking, good luck."
	There the crystal stood, just floating there, its fire thrashing around.
	"Well, let_s do it." Ramin encouraged, clenching a fist. They took their separate positions. For an instant, the reality of Rob_s death hit them all, but then the instant was no more. The crystal scorched Zeggy and Sara. They both fell to the ground. Ramin generated a tornado. The tornado grew, swallowing up snow. It connected with the crystal. At that moment, fire blew around, melting ice to water. A sound arose like huge panels of glass being shattered to dust. Chaos spread everywhere, a mix of fire, snow, and blood. Suddenly, everything went silent. All the fire was instantly extinguished, the sounds of torture ceased. 
	Remembering the past battle, Ramin converted to Rhionis. Sara did the same. As the crystal_s flame became stronger, Ramin thrust his sword into the ball of fire. The same shattering occurred, tormenting the party_s eardrums. Zeggy cast FuzzBurst. It had no visible effect on the crystal. While being attacked from all directions, the crystal_s fire thrashed around itself more violently. Everything stopped. The party couldn_t move.
	"Huh?" Ramin gasped, barely able. The crystal itself was becoming larger. The party felt and heard a catastrophic explosion inside the crystal. The crystal was no more. 
	No one cheered. The reason for this was because a 30-foot wall of flame was approaching them. The inferno collided with Ramin, melting his awareness. He fell to the ground, flame searing his flesh. Sara knew she was pretty much useless in this battle, having the magic base of lava. She ran over to Ramin. Zeggy cast a fuzzy spell. It had no effect. Shekeda called upon the power of the elements, clouds of great density moved inward towards the area. The remnants of the crystal charged it_s great body of fire. The flame grew brighter. Sara cared not about this. She quickly used a cure spell to recover her friend. Ramin got up slowly, very slowly. 
	Just then, it started snowing. The flame thrashed about, not expecting the white substance to damage it. It did. The snowing quickly turned into a blizzard. The flame became furious, not wanting to die. It grew larger, but at the same time, was depleting. With a final effort, the flame erupted into an explosion. Zeggy put up a barrier. As the fire violently contacted, the barrier was incinerated. All that remained of the horrendous blaze, was a small flame. It was instantly put out by the snow.
	An echo came from all around. "You have overcome the second challenge. Go now, bring back your friend. He was, but is no more. This battle will have helped." Something happened, but no one knew exactly what. It was like a wave of energy, but there was no physical difference with anything. It was more like an enlightenment.
	"I know what we have to do." Sara realized the moment they had been overcome by the feeling.
	They stumbled around the outside of the crumbled ice cave, looking for a clearing. Once they found one, Sara shed light on her plan.
	"With my new awareness, I think I can increase my accuracy." Sara said, still a bit unsure. "And get us back."
	"We won_t need to get back. If we change the past sufficiently, we_ll be here in the future. Or something like that..." Ramin suggested.
	"You think your accuracy will improve? I_m sorry, but this is a bit too risky for me I think I_ll stay here."
	"No problem, I think we can pull this off by ourselves."
	"There you go again with the thinking."
	"Good luck, you 2."
	Sara nodded, affirming his wish of luck. With that last remark, she closed her eyes and channeled her remarkable power. Slowly, a blue portal into the past opened up. Without a moment of hesitation, Sara and Ramin walked into the gateway. At that point, they stopped aging, stopped thinking, stopped everything. They had no thoughts at all. Their souls traveled down the void of infinity. Then, as sudden as something can happen when there is no when, they emerged.
	"If only we knew. I suppose it will find us." Rob nodded his head.
	"I apologize, but if we are not exactly sure of what we are looking for, the odds of us finding it are un-" Zeggy discontinued when he realized that no one was listening. Sara and Ramin looked at eachother, shocked. They saw their pasts, doing what they had done less than an hour ago. Rob seemed to be holding something, investigating it. 
	Zeggy walked over to Rob. "What did you discover, Rob?"
	"N-nothing much." Rob said, distracted. He stared into the golden mirror, as if trying to solve a mystery. "It_s familiar somehow."
	This time, Sara heard him, saw him. "No!" Sara yelled as she threw her javelin at the mirror, praying it would hit. The mirror shattered with a crash. "Yea-" Sara almost yelled.
	"What the heck was- whoa..." Rob said. He held the shattered mirror.
	"I find no cause for that mirror shattering in your hand, do you have any ideas?"
	"What_s happening?" Sara and Ramin joined Rob.
	"You guys saved my life. Unless I am mistaken..."
	Ramin looked at Rob, puzzled. "I think you_re mistaken."
	"No, no. This mirror, it stored the evil from weeks ago. I remember now. When I was evil, I attempted destroying a local poor fellow. He held up this mirror and it had no effect on him. I was then transported to the future. When this mirror sensed my emotion, I was instantly killed by my own magnified power. That_s also what destroyed this." Rob pointed to the empty space that used to be a palace of greatness. "At this moment, you 3 and Shekeda attempted looking for me. You confronted, the fire elemental, beat it, and gained the power to come back and save me. Zeggy, the alternate future Sara shattered this mirror."
	None of them said anything.
	After a moment of thought, Sara spoke. "I believe that."
	"Really? I made the whole thing up." Rob laughed, realizing that he would be the only that would really know and believe their heroic deed. The 3 felt a rumbling.
	"What was that?"
	"The second challenge," Rob said, knowingly.
	"Huh?" Sure enough, the huge crystal floated to them out of the snow.
	"I see you have your friend back." the crystal emanated, shimmering. Sara, Zeggy, and Ramin looked at eachother, while Rob just stood there, smiling. The crystal chuckled. "Let_s just say you_ve already won." They felt the same strange realization, and were soothed of their various wounds.
	"What was that all about?" Sara asked. Ramin shrugged.
	Later in the day, back with Shekeda and the other zoggots, they realized that Rob had indeed been accurate. A while after they rested near the enclosed flame, they decided to go and find the 3rd crystal.
	"Goodbye all!" Sara said, cheerily to Shekeda and the zoggots. They had made their way to the outside of the cave once again and were getting ready to leave.
	"Good luck to you. Rob, Sara, and Ramin. Remember, you can achieve anything you put your mind to." Shekeda said, encouraging them.
	"What is this? An after-school special? Let_s move!" Rob said with a chuckle. The 3 gathered into the G. Cruiser.
	"Wait." Zeggy stopped the party in the same voice as ever. "May I join your quest?" Rob, Sara, and Ramin looked at eachother for a second, then answered.
	"Are you sure? You really want to do this? I think we_re all fine with it, the choice is yours."
	"I wish to assist as much as possible, the battle must be fought and I wish to help. Let_s go." Zeggy said, a hint of audacity in his voice.
	"When to? About a day after we left from the house?" Ramin asked, recalling the time they left Kiren_s house from the computer.
	"Yeah, I_d say. When would th-" Rob was interrupted by the voice of the crystal.
	"Your valor is incredible. However, the next task will be a challenge. You will go to the ocean of the dead, when the friend was brought to the past, to stay. I give you no more information, goodbye."
	And with that, everything started moving again from it_s frozen state.
	"Geez, that_s a pretty tough one." Rob said, the moment followed by a long silence.
	"OK, first of all, we have to determine who `the friend_ is." Sara said while Rob, Zeggy, and Ramin silently agreed.
	"Who was brought to the past? We_ve brought nearly all of our friends to the past, and future, but none to stay."
	"Kiren, remember?" Rob shared.
	"OK, now that we_ve established the time, we need to find the place. I_m sure Kiren will help us locate this `ocean of the dead_."
	They arrived at Kiren_s house and walked inside. The 4 gaped in awe.
	"Hello, perhaps I should have warned you so that you could have adapted better." Richard regretted instantly.
	The entire inside of the house had converted to a house of the future. The inside of the log structure was coated with a thick metal, while strange gadgets decorated the walls. Kiren sat in chair with a pillow of air for a cushion.
	"It was very hard finding the supplies in a place like this, but I managed." Richard told them, and then noticed Zeggy. "Hmm... I don_t recall a species like that existing in any part of history. Is it a mutant of some sort?"
	"I_m afraid not." Zeggy said, annoyed by the last remark. "I reside in a large cavern, the 2nd century AD."
	"It can communicate with us, amazing!" Richard said and eyed the small creature. For Zeggy this was getting old really fast. He left the room to explore the rest of the technologically advanced cabin.
	Kiren got up from the comfortable chair, speaking for the first time. "That chair isn_t easy to get up from. Not that I would want to anyway." she smiled, staring at the piece of furniture.
